#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
altgraph==0.17.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyinstaller
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   isoduration
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
async-lru==2.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
bleach[css]==6.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   reportlab
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mdpdf
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   click
    #   ipython
    #   tqdm
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
commonmark==0.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mdpdf
contourpy==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
debugpy==1.8.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
decorator==5.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
deprecated==1.2.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matchms
docopt==0.6.2
    # via -r requirements.in
et-xmlfile==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   openpyxl
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   ipython
executing==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.21.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbformat
fonttools==4.57.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
greenlet==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sqlalchemy
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
httpcore==1.0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==8.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   pyinstaller
    #   pyinstaller-hooks-contrib
importlib-resources==6.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.18.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipywidgets==8.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
jedi==0.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
json5==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
jupyter==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipywidgets
kaleido==0.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   massql
kiwisolver==1.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
lark-parser==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   massql
llvmlite==0.42.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   numba
lxml==4.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matchms
    #   psims
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
massql==0.0.15
    # via -r requirements.in
matchms==0.27.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   massql
matplotlib==3.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matchms
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdpdf==0.0.18
    # via -r requirements.in
mistune==3.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
narwhals==1.35.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   plotly
nbclient==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
networkx==3.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matchms
notebook==7.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numba==0.59.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matchms
    #   sparsestack
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   contourpy
    #   matchms
    #   matplotlib
    #   numba
    #   pandas
    #   psims
    #   pymzml
    #   rdkit
    #   scipy
    #   sparsestack
openpyxl==3.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
overrides==7.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   pip-review
    #   plotly
    #   pyinstaller
    #   pyinstaller-hooks-contrib
    #   qtconsole
    #   qtpy
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   massql
    #   matchms
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jedi
pefile==2023.2.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyinstaller
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via -r requirements.in
pickydict==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matchms
pillow==11.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matchms
    #   matplotlib
    #   rdkit
    #   reportlab
pip-review==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==4.3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-core
plotly==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   massql
prometheus-client==0.21.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
psims==1.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   massql
psutil==7.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
pubchempy==1.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matchms
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
py-expression-eval==0.3.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   massql
pyarrow==19.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   massql
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pydot==3.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   massql
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
pyinstaller==6.13.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyinstaller-hooks-contrib==2025.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyinstaller
pymupdf==1.25.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mdpdf
pymupdfb==1.24.10
    # via -r requirements.in
pymzml==2.5.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   massql
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
    #   pydot
pyqt5==5.15.11
    # via -r requirements.in
pyqt5-qt5==5.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyqt5
pyqt5-sip==12.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyqt5
pyteomics==4.7.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   massql
    #   matchms
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-events
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
pywin32==310
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-core
pywin32-ctypes==0.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyinstaller
pywinpty==2.0.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   terminado
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-events
    #   matchms
pyzmq==26.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
qtconsole==5.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
qtpy==2.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   qtconsole
rdkit==2024.9.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matchms
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pymzml
reportlab==4.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matchms
    #   yarg
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rpds-py==0.24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
scipy==1.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matchms
    #   sparsestack
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   psims
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
soupsieve==2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   beautifulsoup4
sparsestack==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matchms
sqlalchemy==2.0.40
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   psims
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bleach
tk==0.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tomli==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab
tornado==6.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   massql
    #   matchms
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20241206
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arrow
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   async-lru
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   ipython
    #   mistune
    #   python-json-logger
    #   referencing
    #   sqlalchemy
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
widgetsnbextension==4.0.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipywidgets
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deprecated
yarg==0.1.10
    # via -r requirements.in
zipp==3.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
